Instructor: So now that we are listening
for incoming connections on our hacker machine,
we are ready to go ahead
and execute the backdoor at the target machine
and receive a reverse connection from it
and remotely control that computer.
So first of all, we're gonna have to transfer the backdoor
to the target machine.
In the next lectures, I'm gonna cover smart methods
of delivering backdoors and malware to the target computers.
But for now, just because we're testing,
I'm trying to keep everything as simple as possible,
and we just want to make sure
that the backdoor that we created works.
That's why we're gonna use the web server
that is built in within Kali Linux to upload the backdoor
and download it from the target computer in here.
So first of all, I'm gonna go ahead
and copy the backdoor to the location
that the web server uses to serve files.
So as you saw previously,
the backdoor was placed in my Home directory.
So I'm simply going to copy it,
and then I'm gonna click the title bar in here,
or you can do Ctrl + L in order to open the path bar,
as you can see in here,
and then type the location that you want to go to.
And we wanna go to /var/www/html/.
Again, this is the default location
that the web server uses to serve files.
So in here I'm gonna create a new directory or a new folder,
and I'm gonna call it evil-files.
And I'm gonna use this in the future as well
to store my evil-files so that I can easily share them
with testing computers and test these evil-files,
because it's very important to make sure that your malware,
or backdoor, or key logger is working properly
before you go ahead and use it in the wild.
So now that I'm here, I'm simply gonna right click
and paste in order to paste my backdoor,
and we have it in here now.
And next we're gonna go ahead and start this web server.
So I'm gonna clear my screen,
and to start the built-in web server in Kali,
we're simply gonna do service apache2 start.
So we're basically saying we want to start a service
that is called apache2.
And apache2 is the name of the built-in web server in Kali.
I'm gonna hit Enter,
and if you don't see any error messages,
it means that the web server is running properly.
So to access this web server,
all you're gonna need is the IP of the Kali machine,
and we can get the IP of the Kali machine
as you know, by doing ifconfig.
And it's the same IP that we used in the backdoor as well,
which is 192.168.0.26.
So I'm gonna go to the target Windows computer right here,
and I'm gonna open up my web browser,
and I'm simply going to navigate to the IP, 192.168.0.26.
And if you load it as is, you're going to get
the default welcome screen of the web server.
But our file is stored in a directory
that is called evil-files.
So I'm gonna do /evil-files
to load the evil-files directory.
And as you can see in here,
we have the backdoor that I generated.
And like I said, this is not a very smart method
of delivering backdoors,
but we are just testing at the moment
and we just want to make sure that the backdoor works.
And before we download this backdoor, I'm gonna go ahead
and disable the security on Windows.
This is important because we didn't implement any techniques
to bypass antivirus programs
or Windows Defender in this backdoor,
because at the moment we're focusing
on building a very simple backdoor.
It is very important to break the big problem
into simple problems.
First, learn how to create a backdoor,
make sure it's working properly,
and only then you can go ahead
and build up on this knowledge and try to make
that backdoor bypass antivirus programs and so on.
So at the moment, we just wanna make sure
that we can create a basic backdoor
that actually allows us to remotely control
the computers that it gets executed on.
So before downloading this, we're gonna go ahead
and disable Windows Defender.
So we're simply gonna go to the Start menu,
we're gonna look for Security, we have it right here,
and we're gonna click on the Virus & threat protection,
we're gonna click on Manage settings,
and you wanna make sure that everything is set to off
in here as you can see.
Otherwise the backdoor will be detected
and it will simply not work.
So we're gonna click it in here in order to download it.
And that's downloaded for me,
and we can see it here in our Downloads directory.
And also, as you can see, this file does look a bit scary,
it's simply an executable.
We will cover how to make this look and function
like any other file, like an image,
or a PDF, or anything else.
Again, we're breaking the big problem into simpler problems,
and we're focusing on a very simple goal
which is to get a backdoor working on Windows.
So right now, just for testing,
we're gonna double click this file to run it,
and we're simply gonna say Run anyway,
and then we're gonna go to the Kali machine.
And perfect, as you can see at the window
where we started our multi/handler,
you can see that we received a connection back,
and the prompt now says meterpreter instead of msf,
which means that we actually received a connection back
from the Windows computer through the meterpreter payload
that we created.
So just quickly, we can do sysinfo
to get information about the system that we just hacked.
And as you can see, we can get the computer name,
the operating system, the architecture.
So now we can go ahead and execute any command
that the meterpreter allow us to execute.
And you can do help to get a full list
of all of these commands.
But don't worry about this now,
we will cover this in details
in the post exploitation section later on.
But for now, we've basically managed to hack this computer
and gained full remote control over it.
So right now we can do anything
that the actual user of this computer
can do on their computer,
but we can do it remotely
from within our meterpreter session in here.